[music]
traffic on the track novogrudok lead
today was closed all day on the spot
investigators and staff worked
traffic police to establish
circumstances of a terrible accident
occurred in the morning
an investigative experiment was required
about what happened here they say with
reservation most likely those who survived
after a powerful collision can not yet
give unequivocal testimony by
pre-collision version was
two at the beginning of the SUV and sports eat
crashed into fair nissan not strong
bumper hit only
cracked but it was enough to those
spun on a slippery road and
thrown into the oncoming lane there
car head-on collided with
riding the side of a new volkswagen
golf edward was in nisan
and everything happened literally before his eyes
it was slippery bolsin kick and speed
there were big volkswagen were five
men they were heading for courses in
Baranovichi
from a powerful blow, three died on the spot
two on soon you are angry at the hospital where
a few hours later one of them
died as a surviving passenger
Doctors evaluate as stable
the load of the hospital he had all
necessary help man in consciousness and
investigators soon
expect to talk to him next
ward passenger what
her condition also does not cause concern
according to preliminary data the driver
kia car was tres the true reason
the incident will establish a consequence by
preliminary version
car driver kia not saber in
safe distance to the one in front
vehicle that led
tragedy in relation to the driver kea
the investigative committee opened a criminal
The case against the driver Kia Sportazh
Naturally a committee initiated
criminal case on part 3 of article 317
Criminal Code of the Republic of Belarus and
violation of traffic rules
thing about caution the death of 4 people
winter weather report in traffic police every day
provokes several crashes with the dead
most often the victims of the accident are
pedestrians that go to the snow
trails with serious consequences
frontal collisions end
traffic situation in the coming days only
will deteriorate according to weather forecasters
ice and sleet in such conditions
report to traffic police number of accidents
increases at times
Alexey Sergeyevich kraffiny our newsletter
one to